h1. Development (Unix Shell) Utilities

h2. jenkins-cli

Command line interface for inspecting and controlling your "Jenkins CI":http://jenkins-ci.org/ server.  Allows you to list your configured builds, see the output of a build and trigger a build.

h2. make-checkouts

Leiningen helper to create a checkouts directory based on the dependencies in your @project.clj@ file.  It will search in your $HOME/projects folder for the project sources and create the appropriate symlinks.

h2. swank-cli

Command line interface for "SLIME's":http://common-lisp.net/project/slime/ "Swank":https://github.com/jochu/swank-clojure server.  The utility allows you to evaluate lisp code from the command line, making it easy to write shell scripts that interact with your JVM Based clojure applications (in the case of Swank-Clojure).

h2. randpass

Random password generator.  Uses data directly from @/dev/urandom@ to generate difficult to guess (unfortunately they are also difficult to remember) passwords.

h2. named-screen

"GNU Screen":http://www.gnu.org/software/screen/ helper for working with named screens.  It will creat a screen session with the given name if one does not already exist, or re-connect to the named session if it does.

h2. unicorn

Sample Init script for the "Unicorn":http://unicorn.bogomips.org/ web server.  This script implements the "Upgrade":http://unicorn.bogomips.org/SIGNALS.html process for zero downtime deployments (no connections will be lost while your Rails application upgrades).

h1. Authors

Joshua Crean <joshua.crean@gmail.com>
Paul Santa Clara <kesserich1@gmail.com>
Kyle Burton <kyle.burton@gmail.com>

h1. License
 *   The use and distribution terms for this software are covered by the
 *   Eclipse Public License 1.0 (http://opensource.org/licenses/eclipse-1.0.php)
 *   which can be found in the file epl-v10.html at the root of this distribution.
 *   By using this software in any fashion, you are agreeing to be bound by
 * 	 the terms of this license.
 *   You must not remove this notice, or any other, from this software.
