h1. Jenkins Command Line Helper

h1. Why?

The other tools that we saw for doing this

* used java and were too slow in startup, we wanted/needed a fast to run command line tool we could use to automate tasks
* didn't support viewing the output of a previous build
* didn't support following the output of a running build
* we used basic auth in front of our jenkins instance and weren't sure if the other tools supported it

Of course, at this time, this tool doesn't do a lot of what those others do. YMMV.

h1. Installation

Copy or symlink into a directory on your $PATH.  You can install to $HOME/bin by running:

<pre>
user@host ~$ rake install
</pre>

h2. Configuration

You must create the file @~/.jenkins-cli.yml@ with the following:

<pre>
jenkins:
  base_url: http://url-to-your-jenkins-instance/
<pre>

If you are running your Jenkins behind basic http authentication, you can specify the username and password with:

<pre>
jenkins:
  base_url: http://url-to-your-jenkins-instance/
  htauth:
    user: the-username
    pass: the-password
<pre>

h1. Usage

<pre>
user@host ~$ jenkins
You must supply a command: one of: build, output, ls, tail, show
user@host ~$
</pre>

h3. ls

Lists the configured projects in your Jenkins instance.

h2. build [project-name]

Trigger a build.  To trigger a build and watch (tail) the output:

<pre>
user@host ~$ jenkins build -w [project-name]
</pre>

h3. output [project-name]

Display the raw output from the latest build of the project.

h3. tail [project-name]

Show the last part of the output of the project.  To follow the output until completed, use @-f@:

<pre>
user@host ~$ jenkins tail -f [project-name]
<pre>

h3. show

Show build information.

h1. authors

Joshua Crean <joshua.crean@gmail.com>
Kyle Burton <kyle.burton@gmail.com>

h1. License
 *   The use and distribution terms for this software are covered by the
 *   Eclipse Public License 1.0 (http://opensource.org/licenses/eclipse-1.0.php)
 *   which can be found in the file epl-v10.html at the root of this distribution.
 *   By using this software in any fashion, you are agreeing to be bound by
 *       the terms of this license.
 *   You must not remove this notice, or any other, from this software.

